# An3--SD
ASSIGNMENT A1
====================================================================
Objective
The objective of this assignment is to allow students to become familiar with layers architectural pattern, repository, services and unit tests.

Application Description
Use JAVA/C# API to design and implement an application for the National Theater of Cluj. The application should have two types of users (a cashier user represented and an administrator) which must provide a username and a password to use the application.
The administrator user can perform the following operations:
CRUD on cashiers’ information.
CRUD on the list of shows that are performed at the theater. Keep track of the Genre (Opera, Ballet), Title, Distribution list (a long string is enough), Date of the show and the Number of tickets per show. 
From time to time he can export all the tickets that were sold for a certain show (e 	ither in a csv or xml file).
The cashier can perform the following operations:
Sell tickets to a show. A ticket should hold information about the seat row and seat number. 
The system should notify the cashier that the number of tickets per show was not exceeded.
A cashier can see all the tickets that were sold for a show, cancel a reservation or edit the seat.

Application Constraints
The data will be stored in a database. 
Use the Layers architectural pattern to organize your application. 
Passwords are encrypted when stored to the database with a one-way encryption algorithm.
Provide unit tests for the number of tickets for show exceeded validation and the encryption algorithm.
Use factory method (not factory) for export to csv/xml.



Requirements
Create the analysis and design document (see the template).
Implement and test the application.

Deliverables
GIT/TFS link with:
Analysis and design document. 
Source files.
SQL script for creating and populating the database with initial values.

ASSIGNMENT A2
====================================================================
1. Objective
The objective of this assignment is to allow students to become familiar with MVC architectural
pattern, services, repository and unit tests.
2. Application Description
Use JAVA Swing/C# Web API to design and implement an application for the tracking the
laboratory activity for the Software Design laboratory. The application should have two types of
users (student and teacher) which must provide an email and a password to use the application.
The teacher can perform the following operations:
- Login
- CRUD on students. When you create a student, a 128 characters token is created. Using
that token student should be able to register. Teacher will send the token by email
manually. For each student we should track: email address, full name, group (ex. 30431)
and top 1 hobby.
- Can add/edit/delete Laboratory classes. For each class we should track: laboratory
number (1-14), date, title, curricula for what are the topics presented in that lab and a
long description with the laboratory text (should accept html).
- CRUD on attendance for each lab.
- CRUD on assignments. Some of the laboratory will have assignments: for each
assignment we must track the name, deadline and a long description with the assignment
text.
- Grade the submitted assignments. It should also be possible to regrade the assignment.
- Export the list of grades for all students for a given assignment.
The student can perform the following operations:
- Register using the token generated by the teacher.
- Login with the username and password.
- View a list of laboratory classes.
- View the assignments for a laboratory class.
- Create an assignment submission. Here, students should be able to insert a link to a git
repository and a short remark for the teacher.
3. Application Constraints
• The data will be stored in a database.
• Use the MVC architectural pattern to organize your application. For this assignment we
will create only the backend part (Model, Controller, Services and Repositories).
• API design should be RESTful.
• Use and ORM (Hibernate / Entity framework) to access the database
• Install and use Swagger to call your APIs.
• Connection string should be stored in a separate config file
• Create one set of API tests for one of the controllers (for example:
LaboratoryClassController)
4. Requirements
- Create the analysis and design document (see the template).
- Implement and test the application.
5. Deliverables
- GIT/TFS link with:
1. Analysis and design document.
2. Source files.
3. SQL script for creating and populating the database with initial values.

ASSIGNMENT 3
====================================================================
Use JAVA Spring/C# Web API in combination with JAVA Swing/.NET WinForms to design and implement an application for tracking the laboratory activity for the Software Design laboratory. The requirements of the application are provided in Assignment 2. Additional requirements are:
- Create a desktop application to consume the APIs. Have screens for login, teacher side: register students, laboratory, assignments, attendance and grading; student side: first time register, login, laboratory, assignments, post attendance and grading. Nice to have: view attendance for students. Any additional feature that you consider helpful is highly appreciated. [8 points]
- Secure all APIs with an authorization header that contains an Email and a Password. First, you will have to check that the password is correct and then find out the role (Teacher/Student) for that given user. Do not do this logic in every controller method, this logic is common for all controllers, so it has to be at a higher level. Depending on the roles, some APIs might be accessed only by the teacher (for example: add student, add laboratory), only by the student (submit assignment) or by both (view laboratories).
- Encrypt the password from the UI with a one direction algorithm and then work with the password encrypted. [1 point]
Nice to have:
- Create a system that notifies by email all students when a new assignment is posted by the teacher.
- When a new user is added by the teacher, the token is sent by email. [extra points]